dang Bae that's the name of the company
that reached out to to sponsor this
Showcase of their Mars Pro 2 smart
projector look at it it's like a fat
tall Sonos and look at all these things
they have inside the Box paper you can
read ShamWow a remote you can talk to
and unlike your phone a power supply
this compact dense box is a 4K laser
projector it actually is an alpd that's
Advanced laser phospher display it's 4K
at 60 HZ or 1080p at 240 HZ and yes
there is a low latency game mode it's
glossy which I guess is why they include
the shami actually says dang Bay right
on it dang towel so you can wipe your
fingerprints off here but you know what
there's still a peel on this
thing nice all right tour of the outside
here you can see there are grills on the
sides cuz there's speakers in there two
12wt speakers we'll listen to those
later and on the back is is all the io
headphone jack for secret viewing two
USB 2.0 ports an HDMI ARC Port my
favorite one then another HMI these are
2.1 a spit if Port then there's a land
port it's probably 100 100 port cuz it's
not label otherwise and then your DC
Comics Batman power port on the bottom
five interesting things four of which
are rubber feed and then there's this
little quarter-inch threaded type of
Mount that you see on the bottom of
cameras and some speakers and I think
the reason it's on here is because for
limited time only actually I don't know
about the limited time thing but we have
a box uh which I believe houses a gimbal
for this thing $140 value wow this is
metal this is like literal metal and it
spins that is cool it's like a branded
Lazy Susan this base you can see has
these tracks on the sides okay
boom Oh God included small screws and
Allen key
huzzah dang Bay nice the knurling on
here this is just a nice product color
accents this is nice and they say it's
$139 $140 value but it's free if you buy
it at launch that's a bargain even at
140 bucks which is more than I'd like to
pay for a projector gimbal I don't think
that's a bad value considering how well
built this thing is and the amount of
metal it is why would you even want a
gimbal for this well for starters what
if you want to project on your ceiling
so you can be lying in bed watching
movies you can do that with this and
because it has all these awesome AI Auto
Keystone features you don't even have to
fuss around with it being planar on your
ceiling or wall which I will do
presently it's a nice dang girl glossy
black power adapter with 180 W output
and a Mickey Mouse connector for easy
detaching I like a good standardized
cable comes with a nice wide velcro
cable tie and a barrel Jack connector
that just goes right in there to the top
and you might think kind of sucks that
that's at the top and not the bottom
however that does make it not get in
your way as much when you're tilting it
it's a really Spartan remote with just a
few buttons kind of like an Nvidia
Shield remote select in the middle
you've got just a few platform specific
buttons no Disney plus you got Prime
video YouTube and Netflix and we'll get
talk more about the Netflix a little
later man stillar looks so stupid on the
poster he looks like he's talking to a
dog who's your good boy this is is
pretty close to the smallest image this
projector will throw it'll go down to 40
in and as high as 200 in but they
actually recommend for the clearest
image for it to be between 80 and 120 in
because Beyond 120 the light is just
getting spread too thinly and the image
will be washed out the colors won't be
as as Vivid let's move this thing to get
it a little
bigger there you have it I talked smack
about this book but this book told me
that this side button the black one if
you press it it will launch the
projector settings menu so I can mess
around and do fine tweaks to any of the
AI kind of screen fitting settings or I
can just make them run again I think
focus is good let's check out image
correction manual Keystone correction
that's what I just was fit the screen
automatically align the image with the
screen let's see how it does it made it
bigger but it definitely shot off the
top you can see there's light bleeding
off the top Edge now you can see it did
a fairly good job with the auto Keystone
but but thankfully they don't make you
rely on these features you can manually
do it to get it perfect okay so you
don't need to move the projector itself
to do the zoom level which is awesome
because you know sometimes you're not in
a situation like me where you have the
option of putting on this coffee table
or this table sometimes you only have
one spot your projector could reasonably
be honestly probably most times image
reposition adjust the position of the
projected image this is what I need
right now because as you can see there's
a couple
slivers particularly on the on the
bottom where the image is too high for
the screen all right and finally
Advanced Auto Keystone correction after
movement that's not on I thought that
was on that's crazy I thought that was
on this whole time that explains kind of
when I first turn around I was like why
why isn't doing anything it was just
doing focus it wasn't Auto keystoning
I'm going to turn that on that's what I
would do and avoid obstacles this is if
you want it to automatically display on
a wall but there happens to be like a
light switch on the wall it'll be smart
enough to go to the side of that light
switch so that it's not making a hole in
the image Bluetooth speaker mode
heck dang
ba cool feature sounded uh a little bit
Bassy actually all right now that we're
set up let's look at the interface it's
Google TV as you can see it comes with
Netflix YouTube and Prime video
pre-installed as well as this multimedia
player um the cool thing thing about the
Netflix is that this is licensed Netflix
so unlike at least some Android TV boxes
this has licensed Netflix which means it
does not use simply the Netflix web app
which would result in lower quality
Netflix being streamed this uses the
official Netflix it's running locally
but this is the world's first 4K laser
projector with Google TV with licensed
Netflix some HDR content this projector
actually supports both HDR 10 plus and
hlg which you don't don't always see
it's more useful for sports on TV um no
Dolby Vision though with hdr on you're
going to get up to 2,450 isol lumens
look at that that that fish just lives
on that other fish's fin it's that's
like me and lonus because this is
shining on a a dark screen like a gray
screen it really has low black levels
I'm not going to call it OLED like but
it with this screen combination it
doesn't look like a glowy gray you could
get on some LCD TVs look at that beard
oh the good old days but yeah this looks
this looks better than that 8K YouTube
video we watched a second ago this looks
good I can see some detail in the
background in the blacks but then his
face is nice and bright and well lit
it's HDR
bro ah David appreciating this video
okay let's get out of
here God
can you imagine a crab just doing this
to
you it like has this big Pinsir it's
like
LTT there's the crab I mean this is
pretty close to my head at max volume
and I would say it's loud enough but
it's pretty close to my head at max
volume so um you might want to get a
soundar speakers uh to go along with
that luckily it does have Bluetooth 5.2
so you could send the audio right over
to a soundbar or just plug it in with EC
this thing is pretty cool
another thing that's great about its
Laser Technology is that it will last
longer than a traditional projector lamp
up to 10 times longer they claim with
30,000 hour life um and not only that
it'll do that while consuming less
energy they claim 73% less energy than a
traditional lamp so lasers you don't
need to know how they work to know that
they work great now that this has been
on for a while it's definitely warm but
it seems to be doing a good job
dissipating in multiple directions I
take back what I said about it being a
space heater unless you were this close
to it so if you're thinking dang I'm
going to get one of those for my bay you
can for $1,900 MSRP but if you buy it
now it's $400 off plus another 50 bucks
off using our code which is in the
description check it out if you like
this video hit like hit subscribe and
check out our other projector videos we
have a few of them I think even Dan
hosted one and everyone loves Dan